New page for offenses and slashes (#5878)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-comparison-rollups.md

are no difficulties in creating parachains with Turing-complete logic. Each parachain is also a
full-fledged state machine (usually in the form of a blockchain). Similarly to optimistic rollups,
the Parachain Protocol also has cases where disputes and resolutions of potentially harmful para
blocks (blocks representing the parachain) can take place, in which case validators are

> [slashed](./learn-offenses.md) if a bad parablock is found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blocks (blocks representing the parachain) can take place, in which case the validators that vouched for that parablock are
[slashed](./learn-offenses.md) if it is found to be bad.
```
